docs: update GH action (#4496)
kubeshop/testkube: docs/docs/articles/run-tests-with-github-actions.md

> # Run Tests with GitHub Actions

Reviewer: I don't think this file should be replaced at all, maybe there could be a note, like "If you need more advanced management, use **Testkube Action** instead"

Author: oh I got confused with all the actions. I will put it back. Thanks!

# Run Tests with GitHub Actions

> **If you need more control over your flow or accessing private cluster, use Testkube Action instead.**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**If you need more control over your flow or to access a private cluster, use Testkube Action.**
```

> **If you need more control over your flow or to access a private cluster, use Testkube Action instead.**

Reviewer: It should link to the documentation of `Testkube Action`

Reviewer: Shouldn't it actually point to docs.testkube.io documentation, instead of GH marketplace?
